[Ressler] That's how she's gonna prove
that she's seizing control of his empire.
She's gonna kill him.
She's making a mistake.
I need to stop her.
This won't end well.
[somber music playing]
I can't do it.
That's all right.
I don't want to.
I understand.
[gunshot]
No.
No!
[Dembe] Raymond, we must.
I'm sorry.
No, no, no.
No. God...
-Stop! Stop! Stop!
-[horn honks]
I'm an FBI agent
in pursuit of a murder suspect.
I need your car.
Come on, get out of the car!
[suspenseful music playing]
Call the police. He just hijacked my car.
[Dembe] We have company.
It's Ressler.
Lose him.
[horn honks]
[cell phone rings]
He killed her!
[Cooper] I know what you wanna do.
He may not have pulled the trigger,
but she's dead because of him.
Yes, probably, but killing him
will only make it worse.
Donald, listen to me.
You're in no condition to drive.
Don't do this.
[horn honks]
[melancholy music playing]
-[knocking on door]
-Hey.
[Cooper] Hard to believe
it's been two years.
Feels like 200.
How's Agnes holding up?
Amazingly well.
She wants the anniversary
to be a celebration of Elizabeth's life,
not a mourning of her death.
So that's what we're doing tonight.
You're welcome to join us.
I appreciate that, but I came in
to see if I could get the morning off.
Take the day.
-I insist.
-Thank you.
We've been going through albums
and found this.
Agnes wanted you to have it.
I'm around if you need me.
-[medics chattering]
-[monitors beeping]
[nurse] Shortness of breath, decreased
breath sounds, tracheal deviation.
It's a tension pneumothorax. Looks like
the area's already been damaged.
[doctor]
We need to do a needle decompression.
-[air hissing]
-[exhales]
[nurse] BP is 80 interrupting.
Heart rate is 120.
Oxygen saturation is low.
[surgeon] Put him in a non-rebreather.
His lung is putting pressure on his heart.
He needs a chest tube now.
Let's go.
[Cooper] I understand.
I know the driver of the car he hit
is in surgery and you need to talk to him.
But he's my agent.
He's hurt.
I don't appreciate you cuffing him
like a common criminal.
You're surprisingly popular.
[Ressler] How's the woman I hit?
Better. Healing.
She should be fine.
Should be.
And this?
Am I free or is this a stay of execution?
Depends on the outcome of the bureau's
disciplinary committee hearing.
They'll hold it when you get out.
What they decide will go a long way
in determining whether the DA
files charges or not.
They know I was in pursuit?
They do.
And that you were DUI.
Reddington. Where is he?
Gone.
Disappeared without a trace.
His lines are dead.
All major law enforcement agencies have
been alerted. Nothing's come back.
It's only a matter of time
before his immunity agreement is revoked
and the task force disbanded.
Good. Then we can start hunting him again.
Elizabeth had a will.
She designated me and Charlene
as Agnes' legal guardians.
I think she'd want us
to look forward, not back.
I'm gonna try to do that.
My hope is you can too.
[surgeon]
I've put in your discharge papers.
Your job now is to rest and do PT.
See you in my office in a week.
In the meantime, I wanna talk with you
about pain management.
Oh, I'm good.
I know from your chart that you had
a dependency issue in the past.
I was an addict, yes.
I don't plan on being one again.
We'll do what we can to help.
But you're gonna be in pain for a while.
I'm fine.
Taking what I'm offering,
the pills and the advice,
is better than the alternative,
which is to wait until, in your suffering,
you find yourself on the street
looking to buy whatever you can.
You don't wanna give me those.
[surgeon] No, I don't.
But I can't let you walk out of here
without them.
Have someone who can help you manage this?
Sure. Tons of people.
I'm prescribing oxycodone.
[tense music playing]
I just got off the phone
with Rebecca Hagens,
head of the disciplinary committee.
She's been sitting at your hearing.
Says you haven't shown up.
I encouraged her
to give you the benefit of the doubt
after everything you've done
and allow more time.
But I can only do so much.
Where are you?
Looking forward, not back.
Five minutes away? Ten?
You said this is what Keen would want.
What she'd want is for you to look forward
to clearing your name.
Which you can still do if you get there.
I'm not going.
They'll take your badge.
They can have it.
I left it at my apartment,
along with my service weapon.
So that's it?
You're done?
Yeah. I am.
Look, if I stay,
I'll hunt for him.
Become obsessed with him and her.
You've worked too hard
to let it end this way.
Yeah, I have.
We can help you get through this.
We can help each other.
We're all struggling.
We need to be here for each other.
I know.
I'm sorry.
Hey, buddy.
You getting on?
I don't got all day.
-[doorbell chimes]
-[barber] Hi there.
Take a seat.
What are we doing today?
A trim? Clean it up?
Take it off.
You sure?
Looks like you've been growing it a while.
It's a real statement.
Trust me.
It's time.
Hey.
Welcome to Liberty Falls.
[Ressler] Yeah, thanks.
Seems like a nice little town.
Well, it's definitely little.
-Room for tonight?
-[Ressler] Should work.
[boy] Mom!
The craziest thing just happened.
Honey, I'm helping someone.
Captain Hook captured Wendy
and the other Lost Boys.
And he took them to the pirate ship.
Peter Pan's asleep, so he doesn't know.
-And they're gonna poison--
-Theodore. I said not now.
-[Theodore] You're gonna wanna hear this.
-I know. In a minute. Okay?
Jeez.
Fine.
-Sorry. He has a very active imagination.
-[Ressler] It's all right.
He sometimes does his homework out here,
but he's usually quiet.
It's really okay. About that room.
Can I pay?
-Yeah, sure. That'll be 45.
-All right.
Room 5. Best room in the place.
Even has a pool view.
If you're looking out the bathroom window.
Yeah. I'd really like to get to my room.
-Thank you.
-Right.
Of course.
-[door opens]
-[bell jingles]
[door closes]
[tense music playing]
[sniffs, then exhales]
[country music playing over speakers]
Whiskey on ice.
Hold the ice.
Thanks.
-Can I open a tab?
-Why not?
I'm easy.
Don't think you're allowed
to say that anymore.
Not where you come from, but here,
people pride themselves
on being behind the times.
[chuckles] Sounds like my kind of place.
Believe me,
this ain't nobody's kind of place.
Where are you from?
Where the grass is greener.
And trust me, it's brown.
Soon as I can afford to,
I'm heading to L.A.
Gonna be a makeup artist.
Got my own YouTube channel.
You should check it out. Wow.
That was fast.
Another one?
Know where I could get something
a little, uh, stronger?
I-- I'm trying to stay away
from that kind of stuff.
I got it.
Then I'll take another one.
♪ But if I do
It's gonna be on my terms ♪
♪ Yeah, if I do... ♪
You're 75 all in.
Well, uh...
keep the change.
[bartender] Thanks.
[tense music playing]
[man] Hey there.
Vivian tells me
you're looking for a hookup.
Vivian's a very helpful lady.
Meet me in the back room.
Five minutes.
[man] So...
what are you after?
Oxy, Norco.
I'm an equal-opportunity offender.
Isn't that a coincidence?
So are we.
We?
Come on. I'm not looking for any trouble.
Little late for that.
[laughs] You're making this too easy, man.
Hey. He's got an iPhone too.
Take everything.
[groans, then coughs]
[barber] You sure shine up
like a new penny. Where you off to?
Somewhere special?
Something like that.
You all right, son?
You look like you've seen a ghost.
[Ressler] Not a ghost. Just...
someone I used to know.
[gloomy music playing]
[Theodore] Are you okay, mister?
Oh, my God. What the hell are you doing?
Um, I didn't wanna touch a dead person.
Well, I'm not dead, so...
Why are you sleeping in the hallway?
Hey.
You know your face is bleeding?
My mom has a first-aid kit in the office.
[groans] Oh, you gotta be kidding me.
What?
They robbed me.
Who? Burglars? Pirates?
That's so cool!
You should call the cops, though.
They can help.
Trust me, wherever the pirates took
my stuff, it's not coming back.
So it was pirates!
I'm reading this book Peter Pan, and--
I really gotta go, bud.
Are you sure you're okay?
I really think my mom can help you.
I don't need your mom
or a first-aid kit or a phone.
Look, I just--
I need to be alone, understand?
I said get out of here!
-What do you think you're doing?
-Um...
-Getting ice.
-You know what I'm talking about.
My kid said he found you passed out.
Well, since you're here,
I actually lost my key.
Hey. Wasn't really planning
on entertaining but--
Are you listening to anything I'm saying?
What you did was not okay.
I don't want my son
seeing stuff like that.
No offense, lady,
but this place isn't exactly the Ritz.
You know, I'm sure he's seen plenty
of, uh, unsavory things.
At least most people keep to themselves.
What happened to you, anyway?
You're a mess.
Look, I paid for my room.
I'll keep to myself.
Are we done here?
Actually, you owe me for tonight.
I'm not sure if your son told you,
but I got robbed.
I'd love to pay you,
but at the moment, I've got nothing.
Sorry, really.
But I can't let you stay if you can't pay.
Okay.
I get it. All right.
I'll be out in half an hour.
[sighs] Look.
Willy at Liberty Auto has been looking
for someone to help out around the garage.
Garage? As in like a mechanic?
More like a janitor.
Unless that's beneath you.
At this point, nothing's beneath me.
Then I suggest you go see him.
Okay, great, thanks, um...
but do you know a doctor I could see?
[sighs]
-Shopping for someone special?
-I am.
I'd love to help.
We have a beautiful selection of roses
that just came in.
Top of the line.
I'm actually looking for carnations.
Oh. Honey, I think we can do better.
If you ask me, carnations are
the sad flower of weddings past.
Well, sad or not, they're her favorite.
She always said
people underestimate their beauty.
Okay.
Understood.
Have a color in mind?
The pink and the red are both so lovely.
She likes the purple.
Ah. Is she impulsive? Unpredictable?
If it's all the same to you,
I'm in a bit of a hurry.
Of course. This will just be a minute.
She's impulsive and unpredictable.
I'm the opposite. I've been thinking about
what I'm about to do for two years.
What am I gonna wear? What should I say?
Didn't mean to be short with you.
I'm just a little nervous.
It sounds like she is
about the luckiest woman alive.
To have someone give so much thought
and attention to a moment like this.
You.
You really see her,
and if she has no more sense
than a titmouse, she's gonna say yes.
Oh, this isn't-- I'm not gonna--
-Uh--
-Is she expecting it?
I hope not.
A proposal's so much better
when it's a surprise.
Oh. After everything that's happened
the past two years,
me just showing up
is gonna be a huge surprise.
[doctor] Looks like we're dealing
with a couple of broken ribs
and a lacerated kidney.
Folks in this town
know how to roll out the red carpet.
Then beat you over the head with it.
How much pain are you in?
I may look like that green smiley face,
but I feel like the red devil
bawling his eyes out.
A while back, I got in a car accident.
Doc offered to prescribe me oxycodone,
but I turned him down.
Didn't wanna risk getting hooked.
So I gutted out the pain
on Tylenol and rest.
Nearly killed me.
I'm not sure I could do that again.
And I don't think you should.
Oxycodone is a powerful narcotic.
You have to be very careful
not to overuse or abuse it.
But you seem to be more concerned
about that than most,
so I'm comfortable writing you
a prescription.
Janie will give you four pills to tide
you over till you can get to a pharmacy.
I appreciate that.
[sniffs]
[Willy] So we got the break room,
storage facility,
the office, and of course,
the garage floor.
My wife wants me
to spruce the place up a bit.
And what Helen wants, Helen gets.
Which is where you come in.
I need someone to do
basically all the crap I don't wanna do.
Sweeping, mopping,
toilets, dusting,
unloading boxes, inventory.
Is that a '72 Chevy Nova?
That thing's a beauty.
Do not bring Layla into this.
-Oh, she's got a name, huh?
-She sure does.
Pain in my ass, though.
She's got potential.
And it doesn't need to be rebuilt,
suspension's solid.
Everything else is surface rust.
-You know cars?
-Didn't have much of a choice.
I grew up watching my dad restore
anything he could get his hands on.
Spent my childhood scouring
the Detroit junkyards with him.
A Detroit boy, that explains it.
Would be sacrilegious
not to know your stuff.
Well, to be honest,
I wasn't looking for a job.
But I got robbed, I owe money on my room,
and it's not like
I got anywhere else to be.
Plus, I love cars. I know how to fix them.
And at one time, I was told
I was a pretty responsible guy.
Fair enough.
Tell you what, you help me with Layla,
in addition to the other work,
and I'll pay you up front.
Been trying to restore her for months,
and she's stubborn as hell.
What do you say?
Sounds like a plan.
Hey. That should cover me till Wednesday.
So it all worked out?
Sure did.
In fact, I got a promotion.
I'm working on the cars now.
Thank you. If there was something
I could do to pay you back--
Theo, get up.
Theo, now!
-What's going on?
-It's him.
You wanna pay me back?
Don't let him find us.
[tense music playing]
[bell jingles]
[Ressler] You looking for a room?
I'm looking for these two.
I'm from downstate.
We got a tip she's working at a motel
along this stretch of highway.
What seems to be the problem?
The problem is that I can't find them.
Oh, um...
I mean, why are you looking for them?
What'd they do?
What happened to your face?
Put it somewhere it didn't belong?
The photo, have you seen them?
I can't say that I have.
You need something else?
If you see them, give me a call.
[bell jingles]
Please, don't ask.
Tell me who you are
and why the police are looking for you.
[Lauren] I don't wanna talk about this.
Normally, I wouldn't insist,
but I lied to a police officer for you.
I'm not a criminal,
if that's what you're worried about.
You acted like one.
Why was he looking for you?
-He's my husband.
-Why are you running from him?
This is from when he threw me
into our glass coffee table.
It shattered,
and I ended up with 40 stitches.
Oh, and...
This was a fun one.
One morning, we got into a fight
because I stayed out later than expected
with a girlfriend at dinner.
He threw coffee at me,
and it splashed all over my foot,
giving me third-degree burns.
That's unforgivable.
And yet I always forgave him.
He'd apologize after, bring me flowers.
I always thought
the next time would be different,
that I could help him be better.
If he'd stayed away from Theodore,
I would've stayed.
But once, after a bad day at work,
he came home
and wanted it quiet at dinner.
Theodore was chatty.
Asking all about this and that.
Being a normal kid.
And Shane just...
snapped.
Backhanded him across the face.
He didn't even cry. He was so shocked.
We left the next morning
and never looked back.
You didn't go to the police
because he was the police.
Shane's a powerful man where we're from.
Everyone told me
I couldn't run from my problems,
but I didn't see another way out.
Hey, no judgment here.
I'm the poster child
for running from mine.
But if he's as bad
as you say he is, he'll be back.
I just need to figure out our next move.
Gather up some cash
so we can head out again.
[chuckles]
[Lauren] Theodore's a really special kid.
With such an open heart.
I won't let anyone take that from him.
-[classic rock music playing on radio]
-[ratchet creaking]
♪ Whoo! ♪
[Theodore] What a cool car.
Do these work?
Hey. Hey, easy.
[Ressler groans]
I'm sorry.
Where's your mom at, anyway, huh?
What are you doing here?
I got bored, so I rode my bike.
Then you need to ride back.
I can't. My tire broke.
Then we'll call your mom
and have her come and get you.
Come on. I won't bother you.
Don't touch anything.
Yeah.
♪ Living the American
Living the... ♪
What do you mean, you--?
♪ Living the American dream ♪
All right.
It looks like you're hanging out
here for a while.
-[radio tuning]
-Didn't I tell you not to touch anything?
-I've always wanted one of these.
-Well, I suggest you get your own.
Just so you know,
I don't need a babysitter.
Good. 'Cause your mother said
you gotta read or do some homework.
I don't have any homework,
and my book's at home.
And your tire is busted
so you can't ride back and get it. Great.
I know how to use a socket wrench. Please?
-I'll be your best friend.
-Fine. Whatever.
We're not friends.
♪ We will never be apart ♪
♪ Living the American
Living the... ♪
-My mom doesn't let me drink soda.
-Come on, live a little.
I'm not gonna ask what you're doing.
How do you know so much about cars?
-I used to work on them with my dad.
-You don't anymore?
No, no. My pops died a long time ago.
My dad died too.
Thought that was your dad at the motel.
Who? Shane?
No, he's not my dad. He's my stepdad.
My real dad had a pulmonary embolism,
whatever that means.
I'm sorry.
Sometimes I think I can still see him,
like at the grocery store or the park.
And for a second, I just forget.
And at night, I meet him at the place
between sleep and awake.
The what?
The place where you can
still remember dreaming?
-It's from Peter Pan.
-[chuckles]
-You really like that book, don't you?
-Mm-hm.
I had a friend, she used to read it
to her daughter all the time.
She loved it.
Probably 'cause it's really good, duh.
Anyway, I meet my dad at night,
and we go on adventures.
And they're the best adventures
any two people could ever go on.
We climb mountains, explore new galaxies.
And it's awesome, even if it's in my head.
Everyone says I have to move on,
but I don't know how to.
Can't you talk to your mom?
It would just make her worried.
She just wants me to be okay,
so I pretend like I'm okay.
I'm really good at pretending.
Everyone is when they're hurt.
I mean, I certainly am.
You just pretend you're okay
until one day, well, you are.
It just takes time.
That's what I keep telling myself.
Me too.
[horn honks]
Uh-oh.
[Theodore] Thanks for lunch.
You and I have some things
to talk about, mister. In the car. Now.
I can give you cash.
Oh, no. No, really. It's on me.
Well, I'm sorry you had to watch him.
-I promise it won't happen again.
-It's really... It's...
Turns out babysitting is not that bad.
Come on, joker.
Joker! Joker!
[crowd cheering and applauding on TV]
[knocking on door]
Aren't you gonna open the door?
[sighs] I'm in the middle of something.
What's up?
I wanted to invite you
to my birthday party.
It's on a Saturday, in our room.
Three p.m. sharp.
It's also Peter Pan-themed.
You don't have to dress up.
I don't think I could make it.
-There's gonna be cake.
-I can't.
Well, if you change your mind...
Look, I know you had fun at the garage,
but you're a kid and I'm an adult.
And like I said, we're not friends.
You're the only person I know here.
I think we're friends.
Trust me, you don't wanna be friends
with someone like me.
All right? Bad things happen
to people I get close to...
and I don't want that for you. Understand?
[melancholy music playing]
Hey.
I, uh...
I... [sniffles]
Oh, Jesus.
I'll just take a seat here.
...and Dembe's an agent.
Aram walked away from a tech fortune.
Reddington shaved his head,
and his new lover's a shaman.
Park had a cancer scare...
because I borrowed her urine
for a drug test
and it came back
with elevated hormone levels.
But I passed and got reinstated,
even though my old issue with pain meds
is back for an encore performance
after I punctured this
and broke that in a car crash
while I was trying to chase down
and kill Reddington right after you died.
So I'm working with him again.
We all are.
Because we think it's what you'd want.
FYI, he's just as insufferable as ever.
So if it's not what you want,
feel free to tell me,
and I'll happily go back
to being a mechanic.
Don't laugh.
That's exactly what I was doing
for a while, after everything fell apart.
After I fell apart.
Did I mention I fell apart? Yeah.
I hit rock bottom...
in this little town called Liberty Falls.
I was beat up, broke...
angry at myself and the world.
Then I got this job, fixing this car.
I didn't know it at the time,
but that car wasn't the only thing
I was fixing.
Got a minute?
Hold up. What's up?
I gotta call you back.
[chuckles]
[Ressler] When I started, it was--
It was broken. Nothing about it worked.
It was...
It was dead to the world.
But when I finished,
I looked at that car, I thought--
Well, I didn't think anything. I just...
I felt something.
Something I hadn't felt in a long time.
I felt like I could feel...
good.
[Lauren] ♪ Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday, dear Theodore ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
Make a wish.
Do I have to?
[melancholy music playing]
[Lauren chuckles]
Well, what'd you wish for?
-You're not supposed to tell.
-Fair enough.
-Should I cut you the first slice?
-Sure.
You know, it won't always be like this.
One day, whatever you wished for,
I know it'll come true.
I thought he'd come.
Oh, honey, he has a lot going on.
I'm sure he really wanted to be here.
If he wanted to, he would have come.
I wish we never moved.
I have no friends.
You don't let us go anywhere.
I hate it here.
[knocking on door]
He came!
Teddy!
-That's not my name.
-[door closes]
No need to be afraid of me, son.
I know your mom's been filling your head
with garbage.
So you'd rather live
in this dump than come home?
Pathetic. Even for you.
What are you doing here?
Can't I come see my wife?
I'm gonna call the cops.
[Shane] I wouldn't do that.
Stop!
Get out of here.
This is an adult conversation.
I'm not asking you again. Get out!
It's okay, sweetie. I'll be okay. Go.
[suspenseful music playing]
Hey, happy birthday. Sorry I'm late.
What's going on?
He found us. He's here.
[Lauren screams]
Let go of me!
[groans]
What the hell, you crazy bitch.
-Ow!
-Now what are you gonna do, huh?
Think you'll be able to pull that again?
You don't have it in you. You're weak.
Always have been.
Get away from her!
[gunshot]
[melancholy music playing]
[Ressler] That's what I've been up to.
I move every couple of weeks,
stay distracted.
To keep from thinking about what happened.
To keep from thinking about you.
I tried to mind my own business...
but you know me,
that wasn't always possible.
-How are you doing?
-[Lauren] I'm okay. Shaken up.
[Ressler] How's Theodore?
He finally fell asleep, thank God.
We're waiting on the ME's report,
but from every indication,
it's clear this was self-defense.
I told the officer about your husband,
and the story checks out.
Turns out he was pretty open
about coming for you, how mad he was.
Agent Ressler told us
about what he'd done to you.
We'd like to reach out to the hospital
and verify the extent of the injuries.
"Agent Ressler"?
Ex-agent.
Well, ex or not,
this man is a decorated FBI agent.
-He had a distinguished career.
-You don't say.
You were lucky to have him in your corner.
You'll need to sign a release
to give him the records.
Once we get them and the ME's report,
we'll have everything we need.
Ma'am, sir.
-[Lauren] Why didn't you tell me anything?
-It's a long story.
You were a decorated agent.
Now you work in a small-town garage.
However long that story takes to tell,
I'd like to hear it.
Well, I appreciate it,
but, uh, it's not a story I can tell.
-Not yet, anyway.
-[Lauren] I understand.
Whenever you're ready.
-I'm not who you think I am.
-[Lauren] Maybe.
But you're more than you think you are.
He was right,
I was lucky to have you in my corner.
But maybe you're lucky too,
because I'm in yours.
I got a lot of luck. It's just...
It's never good.
[Lauren] Maybe it's about to change.
You're looking for a fresh start. So am I.
Is it crazy to think
we could look together?
It's not crazy. It's just...
It's not something I can do right now.
Alone is hard.
You helped me confront my past.
Let me help you confront yours.
-[knocking on door]
-[Theodore] Mr. Ressler? Are you in there?
[knocking continues]
Mr. Ressler?
[melancholy music playing]
[voice breaking]
I know there are good people out there.
People I could connect with.
People I should connect with.
But I don't.
I can't.
Not yet, anyway.
Theodore?
You were right.
He was a bad guy.
No, I wasn't.
You were right.
You saw the good in him when I couldn't.
And he saved us.
If he's so good, then why'd he walk away?
I know it might be hard
for you to understand...
but he's in a lot of pain.
-Do you think he'll ever come back?
-Honestly?
I don't know.
[Lauren sighs]
[poignant music playing]
I'm glad you're here with Tom.
I used to hate you, no offense,
but there's no point in denying it.
Still...
I'm happy you're not alone.
You know, I told Harold
I was coming tonight,
and he said that Agnes wants today
to be a celebration of your life,
not a memory of your death.
Smart kid you two made.
She's strong and wise.
She's dealing in a way
I still haven't figured out yet.
For now, I'm stuck in the place
between sleep and awake...
the place where you can
still remember dreaming.
Maybe we can meet there sometime.
Go on adventures together.
Climb mountains.
Explore galaxies.
I'd like that.
More than you could possibly know.
[theme music playing]